---
title: For Tuesday–Wednesday, April 16–17
description: assignment
keywords: 
category: assignments
layout: blog
---

Tuesday and Wednesday will be individual meetings with me to discuss your papers. Please arrive at the regular class time for me to take attendance. If you are not in a meeting with me at that time, use the time (in WT 109 or a practice room) to work on your analytical project or aural material.

On Thursday and Friday we will discuss "special topics" related to professional musical life. Thursday will cover the business side of being a professional musician or private teacher: résumés, CVs, the difference between résumés and CVs, taxes, contracts, professional protocol, maintaining a private studio, seeking freelance work, etc. Friday will cover graduate school and "alternate" career paths (things other than performing, teaching, worship leading, and clinical work) that you can do with a music degree.

Before the end of Wednesday's class (so I have time to prepare for Thursday), discuss the following on Twitter with the #musi299 hashtag. I will take the results of that discussion as (part of) the basis of my preparation for Thursday's and Friday's discussions:

- What specific questions would you like answered/discussed about these topics?  
- What examples would you like to see (a CV, a job application, an email to/from a personnel manager, a graduate school course syllabus, etc.)?  
- Do you have any experiences to share that are relevant and helpful for the discussion?

You can use Tuesday's and Wednesday's class time (in part) to discuss this. Just make sure there's evidence of it online so I can review it.
