---
title: For Thursday, February 28 (UPDATED)
description: assignment
keywords: 
category: assignments
layout: blog
---

We will be pushing our study of twentieth-century music back until next week. There is work left to do on the German Lied project. (I want to move on as much as you all do, but we have to get it right—or at least a lot closer.)

BRING A COPY OF YOUR PAPER AND HARMONIC REDUCTIONS/ANALYSES TO CLASS ON THURSDAY (preferably a print copy of all materials). We will spend the first part of class discussing some general points, and then we will do peer and instructor review of your work. Those who submitted complete projects (two reductions with at least figures and functional bass, and a complete paper) will receive 30-minute, scheduled one-on-one meetings with me either during class time on Thursday or Friday, or during office hours on Friday. Everyone not in a one-on-one meeting with me during Thursday's or Friday's class will trade work with a single partner and provide constructive feedback and/or ask and answer each other questions, according to the project rubric.

Additional one-on-one time will be available during my office hours next week. However, I will not schedule times for those that did not submit complete projects by the deadline. I will help those students on a walk-in, first-come-first-served basis.

A final revision of this project is due from everyone by the beginning of class on Friday, March 8. Absolutely nothing will be accepted after that point. If you are traveling with the Road Band, be sure to submit *early* if you are wary about your ability to submit it on time electronically while on the road.

Also, be on the lookout for a new resource on analyzing *pedal points* in a harmonic structure. I'll try to put it together today, and it will be helpful for tomorrow.

I will update you later about how this affects midterm grades.